Update release_template.md (#7661)
owncloud/client: .github/release_template.md

* [ ] QA: Use `obs-copyprj.sh` to backup the desktop project to `desktop:client-2.6.x` (unless already done) - @HanaGemela @jnweiger
* [ ] Dev: Start running automated tests on the dailies - @TheOneRing @guruz

### After the First Daily Build of the New Branch:

* [ ] Announce the new branch to community and advertise dailies for public testing 

TODO: WHen do we call it beta or RC?
TODO: describe what dailies we have in documentation. (Platforms, Versions, Master, current preprelease, and last stable release branch.)

* [ ] QA: [Antivirus scan](https://handbook.owncloud.com/release_processes/client/virus.html) - @HanaGemela @jnweiger 

> ### For All (Betas?) and RCs (Copy this Section for each Beta/RC):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### For All Sprint Builds:
```

* [ ] Linux: Run https://gitea.owncloud.services/client/linux-docker-install/src/branch/master/RUN.sh with repo=https://download.opensuse.org/repositories/isv:/ownCloud:/desktop:/testing
* [ ] review everything :-)

> * [ ] Linux: add/remove build targets https://handbook.owncloud.com/release_processes/client/supported_platforms.html @hvonreth @jnweiger

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ ] Linux: add/remove (build targets)[https://handbook.owncloud.com/release_processes/client/supported_platforms.html] @hvonreth @jnweiger
```

* [ ] Create a signed tag using ```git tag -u E94E7B37 tagname``` (https://github.com/owncloud/enterprise/wiki/Desktop-Signing-Knowledge) @guruz @jnweiger (TODO: is this still needed?)

> * [ ] update the wordpress content at owncloud.org/download @florian 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ ] Update the wordpress content at owncloud.org/download @florian 
```

* [ ] Inform packagers: @dragotin (openSUSE)
* [ ] Announce on https://central.owncloud.org (copy old announcement, link to changelog, download links etc)
TODO: itemize what goes into the announcement: deprecation warnings. ... @guruz @hvonreth
* [ ] Inform community mailinglists devel@owncloud.org and testpilots@owncloud.org (make sure to mention it is an rc). Link to the central post so discussion happens there.
* [ ] Check crash reporter after some days https://handbook.owncloud.com/release_processes/client/desktop.html#update-the-updater @guruz @hvonreth

> * [ ] Update the owncloud hosted auto updater according to https://github.com/owncloud/enterprise/blob/master/client_update_checker/README.md#deploy  (beta/unstable channel!) @hgemela @jnweiger

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ ] Update unstable channel in the owncloud hosted [auto updater](https://github.com/owncloud/enterprise/blob/master/client_update_checker/README.md#deploy) @hgemela @jnweiger
```

### One Week Before the Final Release:

Skip this section for patch releases.

* [ ] Communicate the release schedule on rocket-chat #release-coordination and mailinglist release-coordination@owncloud.com. Give a high level overview of the upcoming new features, changes etc.
* [ ] Ensure marketing is aware (marketing@owncloud.com) and prepared for the release (social, .com website, cust.communications)
* [ ] Inform GCX knows the next version is about 1 week out (gcx@owncloud.com)

### One Day Before the Final Release:

> * [ ] Check crash reporter for bad crashes od this RC (same crash happening to many users) @guruz @hvonreth

Reviewer: We already have the url that can be added here
